Read the following passage (3 minutes). (TPO 6)
((70))
(Iman Ansari)
The text and audio lecture are both subjects of comparison of online and traditional encyclopedias. The reading states that Although the online encyclopedia is the latest version on the Internet and users can edit it, they have several significant issues that make them lack valuable as traditional, printed encyclopedias. The lecture casts doubt on the claims made in the article. She thinks that the online encyclopedia will presumably never be excellent, the complaints in the reading are mostly the effect of intolerance and unawareness against online encyclopedias how much progress has been made.
First of all, the author claims that supporters of a collective online encyclopedia often lack academic credentials, This causes the created data to be largely incorrect. She believes Traditional encyclopedias are composed of experienced specialists who attach to standards of academic stringency that non-specialists cannot really perform. This point is challenged by the lecture. She says that It’s hardly a proper complaint that encyclopedias online have mistakes. Traditional encyclopedias have never been right to quite correct.  Furthermore, she points out the fundamental point is that it’s super easy for errors in real relics to be corrected in an online encyclopedia despite the published encyclopedia, the mistakes stay for decades.
Secondly, the author states that although the initial entry in the online encyclopedia is right, the collaborative nature of these online encyclopedias provides unethical users and defacers or hackers the possibility to forge, delete, and crooked data in the encyclopedia. She argues that None of these changes are possible in printed encyclopedias. The lecture rebuts this, online encyclopedias have realized the significance of saving their articles from nasty hackers. she suggests  One method they began using is to set the essential points in the articles that nobody disputes in a ‘read-only’ format, which is a design that no one can push changes to. She elaborates on this by mentioning that Another method that’s existing operated is to have unique editors whose career is to monitor all modifications made to the articles and stop those modifications that are obviously malicious.
Finally, the author mentions that the combined encyclopedias concentrate too continually, and into grand a deep, on insignificant and famous topics, which creates a false feeling of what is essential and what is not. The lecture, on the other hand, states that The issue for traditional encyclopedias is that they have restricted space, so they have to determine what’s crucial and what’s not. She puts the idea that space is certainly not an issue for online encyclopedias. Academic articles are still defined in online encyclopedias, but there can be a tremendous variety of articles and topics that accurately reminisce the prominent multiplicity of users’ draws.
